# Lesson 10: Add react-native-windows to the app

The first step when getting started with `react-native-windows` is to generate the native project for UWP.

Please note, if you are running Windows 10 on a VM (e.g., using Parallels), it is recommended that you re-clone your repo and re-install the node packages on the Windows VM. There will likely be issues with trying to build and run the UWP app from any mapped directory to the host OS.

## Generate the native project

Using the `rnpm-plugin-windows` NPM package and the React Native CLI, generate the UWP native project for your app.

- Install `rnpm-plugin-windows`.
- Ensure the React Native CLI, `react-native-cli` is installed globally.
- Generate the UWP project with the React Native CLI `windows` command.

## Setup the default app for Windows

Currently, your UWP app will try to run the camera app we've built in the previous lessons. However, we don't have many of these dependencies set up yet.

Rename the `App.windows.js` file to `App.windows.tsx` and move it to the `./src` directory in the project. This will override the existing `App.tsx` file for UWP for the time being. You'll also want to correct the TypeScript syntax:

1. Change `import React, { Component } from 'react'` to `import * as React from 'react'`
2. Change `export default class App extends Component<{}>` to `export default class App extends React.Component`

## Run the UWP app on Windows 10

Test the app with the React Native CLI `run-windows` command.

## _Exit Criteria_
1. Visual Studio 2017 solution for UWP that runs the default React Native app template.
