# Debugging React Native Windows apps

Developer experience is one of the draws of React Native. `react-native-windows` supports most of the development mode features supported on iOS and Android.

## Open the developer options menu

1. Deploy the app either from Visual Studio 2017 or using the `run-windows` command.
2. When the app launches and finishes loading the menu, press the `Menu` key or `Shift+F10`.
3. Experiment with some of the tools, like Inspector.

## Attaching to the VS Code debugger

1. Open Visual Studio Code from the root of your project. Ensure you have the [React Native Tools](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-react-native) extension installed.
2. Ensure you have the packager running (or restart it).
3. In Visual Studio Code, add a React Native debug configuration to your `launch.json` settings.
4. Run the `Attach to packager` debug configuration.
5. Start your React Native app, ope the developer options menu, and choose `Start JS Remote Debugging`.
6. Try setting some break points in your app and reloading the JS bundle (with either the developer options menu or `Ctrl+R`). 

## Debugging native code

1. If you closed the solution after Lesson 11, re-open the solution in Visual Studio 2017.
2. Double check that you still have a packager running from a previous `run-windows` call. If not, restart the packager using `npm start` or `react-native start`.
3. When the solution loads in Visual Studio, ensure you have either `x86` or `x64` selected as the target platform and launch the app (by clicking the start button or pressing `F5`).
4. Try setting some breakpoints in the custom native module we created in Lesson 11.

## _Exit Criteria_
1. Understand how to open the developer options menu on `react-native-windows` apps
2. Understand how to debug `react-native-windows` JavaScript in VS Code
3. Understand how to use Visual Studio 2017 to debug native code.
