# Lesson 2: Project Creation
The App Center VS Code extension includes the ability to bootstrap a project from scratch in order to enable quick development and testing with App Center and CodePush. A custom setting for overriding the project template can be used to substitute a project template with your own preferred custom setup.

1. Create an empty new repository in Github, clone it to a folder on your machine and open it up in VS Code.
2. Open the command palette in VS Code and search for the `Open User Settings` option.
3. Update your user settings to have the extension use the [workshop](https://github.com/pniko/chain-react-2018) starter repository when provisioning new projects from scratch. You can optionally create a fork and use that instead:
```
{
    "appcenter.demoAppGitRepo": "https://github.com/pniko/chain-react-2018",
    "appcenter.api.configurebranchandstartnewbuild": true
}
```
6. Log in to the App Center extension using CMD+SHIFT+P to open the command palette or the App Center button in the task bar.
7. Open the command palette and search for `Start a New Project`. Enter an application name and select an App Center location for your new React Native iOS and Android applications.
8. Execute `react-native run-ios` or `react-native run-android` to verify you can build and run your newly created project.

## Sign and Distribute
1. Quick navigate to either app in App Center and configure your iOS signing certificate and profile or Android java keystore.
2. Configure your application to distribute to the collaborators group in App Center and start a new build.

## _Exit Criteria_
1. App Center VS Code extension authenticated for App Center.
2. Workshop project has been created locally on your computer.
3. App Center apps for Android and iOS have been created and built.
4. Android or iOS app is signed and configured for distribution in App Center.
